hello gamestop captain redbeard here in
the EA booth and I'm with Tatiana the
development director for ghost games the
team bringing you need for speed rivals
no need for speed rivals has cops vs
racers but how is it different than need
for speed hot pursuit our big difference
is that you can really play both sides
from start to end and you can
interchange how you do your progression
whether you want to progress as a cop
whether you want to progress his eraser
the progression styles are completely
different as a copier out for your own
glory or your lone wolf we have this new
scoring system where the longer you
drive the more risks you take as a racer
the more points you get but in if you
get busted all those points are gone and
you have to start from scratch oh that
would that would be awful yeah its
present high-risk high-reward so need
for speed rivals brings that adrenaline
rush that racers love yeah because it
increases the risk of losing all of your
points exactly and then as a cop you
have a much more traditional progression
style you complete different objectives
you take down racers your score is safe
once you get it and you kind of have a
very more progressive step way so if you
don't want to come out shaking every
time you have a race you can find the
club actually really like playing is a
cop because I want to get all my friends
buzz them and steal their score and kind
of grieve them a little bit now that's
something that the need for speed series
has been doing really really well it's
integrating you know racing against your
friends and of course bragging rights
exactly how was I gonna be involved with
the for Speed rivals so for need for
speed rivals we
really new way of playing we're calling
all drive we think it's probably next
gen thinking where you no longer choose
whether you play a game as a single
player and multiplayer is just all in
one you can start up your game and you
could be one person in but you have your
privacy settings to say friends then one
of my friends can come in and CEO
tatiana is like out racing in the world
and wow looks like she has a lot of
score again so I'm going to join in as a
cop it's a seamless transition I enter
her world i spawned right next to her
and i try to take her down and then I
can jump out and like do my own thing
and the same thing for me i can go pop
off my game see who's playing either
choose to play by myself or choose to
jump into their world it's very seamless
there's no separation so you have your
friends constantly gun for you and
driving around and need for speed rivals
which sounds really fun now do we have
an idea of when heating for Speed rivals
is going to be hitting stores we're
going to be out in November for the
current-gen consoles and the next-gen
consoles as soon as they're ready we'll
be right along with them so all current
gen and next n causes need for speed
rivals coming to gamestop so you make
sure you guys pre-order your copy now